[NONE] cutting release 0.76.0 (#6823)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.76.0 / 2025-08-08

[FEATURE] OAuth2 TLSConfig and ProxyConfig settings. #6735
[ENHANCEMENT] Use service endpoint role for alerting. #6784
[FEATURE] Support configuring OAuth2 in ScrapeConfig. #6814
[FEATURE] Add scale subresource to Alertmanger resource. #6728
[ENHANCEMENT] set the namespace if empty for alertmanagers to the current namespace in Prometheus CR. #6338

> [ENHANCEMENT] support TLSConfig TLSVersion setting. #6736

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ENHANCEMENT] Add support to configure the TLS version for Prometheus, PrometheusAgent and Alertmanager CRDs. #6736
```

> [ENHANCEMENT] optimize `TLSConfig` to `addSafeTLSToYaml`. #6726

Reviewer: no need to mention IMHO
```suggestion
[ENHANCEMENT] optimize `TLSConfig` to `addSafeTLSToYaml`. #6726
```

> [ENHANCEMENT] Add ServiceDiscoveryRole configuration for use of Endpoints vs EndpointSlice. #6672

Reviewer: It's more of a feature for me.
```suggestion
[FEATURE] Add `serviceDiscoveryRole` field to the Prometheus and PrometheusAgent CRDs to select between Endpoints (default) and EndpointSlice for discovering scrape and alerting targets. #6672
```

> [ENHANCEMENT] Add secret label selector to filter secrets to watch. #6731

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ENHANCEMENT] Add `secret-label-selector` argument to the operator to filter the Secrets being watched. #6731
```
